tip number one start loving rejection I
tell kids this a kid yesterday asked me
at Berkeley music skew and he looked
really serious do you what did you do
with rejection
I don't know so there's no such thing as
a rejection there's only projection if
they didn't like what you did go and
make a number when it so both of those
down the fridge do not be ashamed of
yourself do not be ashamed of yourself
now that's hard why because the way the
world is you know social media okay
before social media you just had two
people in the neighborhood the bullies
and the jealous people and all of that
you gotta find a thing that makes you
feel good and just continually non-stop
every day without a paycheck doing it
and that thing will empower everything
else that you have to come into it tip
to create a superhero identity nowadays
I tell kids if anybody looks at you and
says you're into quani make-believe
pretentious you might get in trouble
stand up on your desk in the middle of
class and beat your chest like King Kong
estate you're goddamn right
Here I am pretending to be a DJ like
flat and an emcee like melly-mel
in my own world I said I'm going to
become another year honestly I sent my
basement going I'm gonna become the most
powerful entity in in hip-hop universes
mild-mannered Catholic school kid Darryl
McDaniels when he steps to that
microphone the initials of my name is
DMC but he's no longer down on McDaniels
he transforms into the devastating my
controlling DMC then I'm sitting in one
day and I'm sitting I was going okay
Thor it's the son of Odin and as god
that's a brother named Loki
I'm Daryl make the bullet for the Mike
thing I'm Darrell I'm I'm saying i'ma
take that and put it with this might be
I'm Darryl McDaniels from Hollis Queens
I got an invite through Mike so I'm
gonna become son of Byford brother of Al
Ben as my mother and runs my pal its
McDaniels not McDonald's these rhymes or
Darrell's those burgers are Ronald's I
ran down my family tree my mother my
father my brother and me hip-hop excited
because I was like you could tell
stories about who you are over music so
my stories we're gonna be written like
superhero tip 3 be yourself
even when it scares you to death man
guess who walks in so okay dude get it
together just get up and walk over Shawn
and tell her what her song did so I'm
walking over to war that you teach me
coming to your city it's tricky
my deed is full so I'm talking to myself
I'm going to CD that's another reason
not to kill yourself even Sarah
McLachlan I like this song so I just go
up to NICU miss McLachlan the name of
record is angel you sound like an angel
people say you're an angel but you're
not a angel to me your [__] i this one
she looked at 24 hours 7 days a week
when I ordered a gymnast and it crazy my
god every day I don't leave home went
out of business so she's looking at me
with the kind of like okay I don't wanna
live 8 when I finish that she looked at
me and she shook my hand she said thank
you for telling me that girl and she
said these words that was that's what
music is supposed to do she shakes my
hand she walks away the song just had a
body and energy and that energy that
thing that that song was was the only
thing that made me feel good in
Our Lives is about feeling good not
about just who we are about just feeling
good about everything and supposed to
feel right and I do a lot of stalking on
mental health and stuff again mentally
spiritually emotionally all it if you're
not feeling good about every part of
your existence none of your
relationships will work out that wreck
it was the own thing that made me feel
complete
[Music]
[Applause]